Catalogue Adjustments (#787)
italia/eidas-it-wallet-docs: docs/en/remote-flow.rst

            "id": "personal id data",
            "format": "dc+sd-jwt",
            "meta": {

>               "vct_values": [ "https://trust-registry.eid-wallet.example.it/v1.0/personidentificationdata" ]

Reviewer: why `credentials` is now removed?

Author: I have included this an the above suggestions into the latest commits.

            "id": "wallet attestation",
            "format": "dc+sd-jwt",
            "meta": {

>               "vct_values": ["https://trust-registry.it-wallet.example.it/v1.0/WalletAttestation"]

Reviewer: please say if this RL is case sensitive

I'd go for a case insentive approach within HTTPD configurations

Author: added the requirements for case insensitive vct in the ``vct`` parameter  definition (l137) and a note at the end of the section (l188)

>               "vct_values": ["https://trust-registry.eid-wallet.example.it/v1.0/WalletAttestation"]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
              "vct_values": ["https://trust-registry.it-wallet.example.it/v1.0/WalletAttestation"]
```

  - ``client_metadata``: A JSON object containing the Relying Party metadata values. If the ``client_metadata`` parameter is present, the Wallet Instance MUST ignore it and consider the client metadata obtained through the OpenID Federation Trust Chain.

.. note::
    **Requesting the Wallet Attestation**

>     The Relying Party which requests a Wallet Attestation MUST do so by using a standard DCQL query, however it MUST NOT include the ``claims`` parameter in the query as the Wallet Attestation is not a Digital Credential but a proof of the Wallet Instance's trustworthiness and capabilities. Depending on the format of the Wallet Attestation, the Relying Party MUST request the ``vct_values`` parameter in the DCQL query, which MUST be set to the value set in the :ref:`registry-catalogue:Digital Credentials Catalogue Structure`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Relying Party which requests a Wallet Attestation MUST do so by using a standard DCQL query, however it SHOULD NOT include the ``claims`` parameter in the query as the Wallet Attestation is not a Digital Credential but a proof of the Wallet Instance's trustworthiness and capabilities. Depending on the format of the Wallet Attestation, the Relying Party MUST request the ``vct_values`` parameter in the DCQL query, which MUST be set to the value set in the :ref:`registry-catalogue:Digital Credentials Catalogue Structure`.
```

    The response sent from the Wallet Instance to the Relying Party is encrypted to prevent a malicious agent from gaining access to the plaintext information transmitted within the Relying Party's network. This is only possible if the network environment of the Relying Party employs `TLS termination <https://www.f5.com/glossary/ssl-termination>`_. Such technique employs a termination proxy that acts as an intermediary between the client and the webserver and handles all TLS-related operations. In this manner, the proxy deciphers the transmission's content and either forwards it in plaintext or by negotiates an internal TLS session with the actual webserver's intended target. In the first scenario, any malicious actor within the network segment could intercept the transmitted data and obtain sensitive information, such as an unencrypted response, by sniffing the transmitted data.

.. note::
    **Presenting the Wallet Attestation**

>     The Wallet Instance MUST include the Wallet Attestation if requested by the Relying Party using the DCQL query. During presentaion, the Wallet Instance SHOULD NOT request User's consent to the disclosure of the Wallet Attestation attributes which are technical data not transparent to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Wallet Instance MUST include the Wallet Attestation if requested by the Relying Party using the DCQL query. During presentaion, the Wallet Instance SHOULD NOT request User's consent to the disclosure of the Wallet Attestation attributes which are technical data not transparent to the User.
```

>     The Wallet Instance MUST include the Wallet Attestation if requested by the Relying Party in the DCQL query. The Wallet Instance MUST include all available disclosures for the Wallet Attestation in the response even if the Relying Party did not request them in the DCQL query. The rational behind this is that the Wallet Attestation is a proof of the Wallet Instance's trustworthiness and capabilities but is not a Digital Credential per se. Therefore, during presentaion, the Wallet Instance MUST NOT request user's consent to the disclosure of the Wallet Attestation attributes which are technical data not transparent to the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The Wallet Instance MUST include the Wallet Attestation if requested by the Relying Party using the DCQL query. During presentaion, the Wallet Instance SHOULD NOT request User's consent to the disclosure of the Wallet Attestation attributes which are technical data not transparent to the user.
```

please let's limit special conditions. Wallet solution should ignore the SD about the WUA, even if specified withibn the DCQL

please don't duplicate everywhere the WUA's purpose, it was alrtead defined in hundred of places in this document and the rationale behind this. These are never ending duplications that produces noise for the future developments of the specification and their interpretation
